java8new/_01lambda/functional/operator/OperatorExample.java
 java8new._01lambda.functional.operator.OperatorExample
java8new/comletableFuture/AsyncShopClient.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.AsyncShopClient
java8new/_02stream/without/optional/MobileService.java
 java8new._02stream.without.optional.MobileService
java9new/reactivestream/beans/Employee.java
 java9new.reactivestream.beans.Employee
java8new/_02stream/basic2/Transaction.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2.Transaction
java8new/comletableFuture/BestPriceFinder.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.BestPriceFinder
 java8new.comletableFuture.BestPriceFinder$1
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_05Reducing.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._05Reducing
java8new/_02stream/collect/_05PartitioningDishes.java
 java8new._02stream.collect._05PartitioningDishes
java9new/reactivestream/MyProcessor.java
 java9new.reactivestream.MyProcessor
java8new/comletableFuture/AsyncShop.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.AsyncShop
java9new/reactivestream/EmpHelper.java
 java9new.reactivestream.EmpHelper
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_01BuildingStreams.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._01BuildingStreams
 java8new._02stream.basic2._01BuildingStreams$1
 java8new._02stream.basic2._01BuildingStreams$2
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_04Finding.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._04Finding
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_03Mapping.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._03Mapping
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_06NumericStreams.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._06NumericStreams
java8new/_02stream/parallel/ForkJoinSumCalculator.java
 java8new._02stream.parallel.ForkJoinSumCalculator
java8new/_02stream/parallel/ParallelStreams.java
 java8new._02stream.parallel.ParallelStreams
 java8new._02stream.parallel.ParallelStreams$Accumulator
java8new/dateapi/DateTimeExamples.java
 java8new.dateapi.DateTimeExamples
 java8new.dateapi.DateTimeExamples$1
 java8new.dateapi.DateTimeExamples$NextWorkingDay
java8new/_02stream/collect/CollectorHarness.java
 java8new._02stream.collect.CollectorHarness
java8new/_01lambda/functional/FunctionAndThenCompose.java
 java8new._01lambda.functional.FunctionAndThenCompose
java8new/_02stream/with/optional/Mobile.java
 java8new._02stream.with.optional.Mobile
java8new/_02stream/without/optional/Mobile.java
 java8new._02stream.without.optional.Mobile
java9new/reactivestream/MyReactiveApp.java
 java9new.reactivestream.MyReactiveApp
java8new/_02stream/collect/_01GroupingTransactions.java
 java8new._02stream.collect._01GroupingTransactions
 java8new._02stream.collect._01GroupingTransactions$Currency
 java8new._02stream.collect._01GroupingTransactions$Transaction
java8new/comletableFuture/v1/BestPriceFinder.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.BestPriceFinder
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.BestPriceFinder$1
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.BestPriceFinder$2
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.BestPriceFinder$3
java8new/_02stream/with/optional/ScreenResolution.java
 java8new._02stream.with.optional.ScreenResolution
java8new/advanced/appc/StreamForker.java
 java8new.advanced.appc.StreamForker
 java8new.advanced.appc.StreamForker$BlockingQueueSpliterator
 java8new.advanced.appc.StreamForker$ForkingStreamConsumer
 java8new.advanced.appc.StreamForker$Results
java8new/_02stream/without/optional/DisplayFeatures.java
 java8new._02stream.without.optional.DisplayFeatures
java8new/_01lambda/basic2/Apple.java
 java8new._01lambda.basic2.Apple
java8new/_02stream/parallel/WordCount.java
 java8new._02stream.parallel.WordCount
 java8new._02stream.parallel.WordCount$WordCounter
 java8new._02stream.parallel.WordCount$WordCounterSpliterator
java8new/_01lambda/basic2/FilteringApples.java
 java8new._01lambda.basic2.FilteringApples
java8new/_01lambda/basic1/FilteringApples.java
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.FilteringApples
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.FilteringApples$1
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.FilteringApples$AppleColorPredicate
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.FilteringApples$ApplePredicate
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.FilteringApples$AppleRedAndHeavyPredicate
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.FilteringApples$AppleWeightPredicate
java8new/_02stream/basic1/StreamBasic.java
 java8new._02stream.basic1.StreamBasic
 java8new._02stream.basic1.StreamBasic$1
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_02Filtering.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._02Filtering
java8new/_02stream/without/optional/MobileTesterWithoutOptional.java
 java8new._02stream.without.optional.MobileTesterWithoutOptional
java8new/advanced/appa/Author.java
 java8new.advanced.appa.Author
java8new/comletableFuture/Util.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.Util
java8new/_01lambda/basic1/Apple.java
 java8new._01lambda.basic1.Apple
java8new/advanced/appa/Authors.java
 java8new.advanced.appa.Authors
java8new/_02stream/basic1/StreamVsCollection.java
 java8new._02stream.basic1.StreamVsCollection
java8new/_02stream/basic1/Dish.java
 java8new._02stream.basic1.Dish
 java8new._02stream.basic1.Dish$Type
java8new/_02stream/basic2/PuttingIntoPractice.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2.PuttingIntoPractice
java8new/_02stream/with/optional/MobileTesterWithOptional.java
 java8new._02stream.with.optional.MobileTesterWithOptional
java9new/ImmutableList.java
 java9new.ImmutableList
java8new/comletableFuture/ExchangeService.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.ExchangeService
 java8new.comletableFuture.ExchangeService$Money
java8new/_02stream/with/optional/DisplayFeatures.java
 java8new._02stream.with.optional.DisplayFeatures
java8new/advanced/appd/InnerClass.java
 java8new.advanced.appd.InnerClass
 java8new.advanced.appd.InnerClass$1
java8new/_02stream/basic2/Trader.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2.Trader
java8new/_01lambda/basic3/Lambdas.java
 java8new._01lambda.basic3.Lambdas
 java8new._01lambda.basic3.Lambdas$Apple
 java8new._01lambda.basic3.Lambdas$ApplePredicate
java8new/_01lambda/functional/function/FunctionDemo.java
 java8new._01lambda.functional.function.FunctionDemo
 java8new._01lambda.functional.function.FunctionDemo$Apple
java8new/_02stream/collect/ToListCollector.java
 java8new._02stream.collect.ToListCollector
java8new/comletableFuture/Quote.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.Quote
java8new/comletableFuture/v1/Shop.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.Shop
java8new/_02stream/with/optional/MobileService.java
 java8new._02stream.with.optional.MobileService
java8new/advanced/appc/StreamForkerExample.java
 java8new.advanced.appc.StreamForkerExample
java9new/reactivestream/MyFreelancerSubscriber.java
 java9new.reactivestream.MyFreelancerSubscriber
java8new/comletableFuture/Discount.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.Discount
 java8new.comletableFuture.Discount$Code
java8new/advanced/appd/Lambda.java
 java8new.advanced.appd.Lambda
java8new/_01lambda/functional/supplier/SupplierDemo.java
 java8new._01lambda.functional.supplier.Car
 java8new._01lambda.functional.supplier.SupplierDemo
 java8new._01lambda.functional.supplier.Vehicle
java9new/reactivestream/MyReactiveAppWithProcessor.java
 java9new.reactivestream.MyReactiveAppWithProcessor
java8new/_02stream/collect/Dish.java
 java8new._02stream.collect.Dish
 java8new._02stream.collect.Dish$Type
java8new/comletableFuture/Shop.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.Shop
java8new/comletableFuture/v1/BestPriceFinderMain.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.BestPriceFinderMain
java8new/_02stream/basic2/Laziness.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2.Laziness
java8new/comletableFuture/v1/ShopMain.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.v1.ShopMain
java9new/reactivestream/MySubscriber.java
 java9new.reactivestream.MySubscriber
java8new/_02stream/collect/_02Summarizing.java
 java8new._02stream.collect._02Summarizing
java8new/_02stream/parallel/ParallelStreamsHarness.java
 java8new._02stream.parallel.ParallelStreamsHarness
java8new/comletableFuture/BestPriceFinderMain.java
 java8new.comletableFuture.BestPriceFinderMain
java8new/_01lambda/basic3/ExecuteAround.java
 java8new._01lambda.basic3.ExecuteAround
 java8new._01lambda.basic3.ExecuteAround$BufferedReaderProcessor
java9new/reactivestream/beans/Freelancer.java
 java9new.reactivestream.beans.Freelancer
java8new/_02stream/without/optional/ScreenResolution.java
 java8new._02stream.without.optional.ScreenResolution
java8new/_02stream/collect/PartitionPrimeNumbers.java
 java8new._02stream.collect.PartitionPrimeNumbers
 java8new._02stream.collect.PartitionPrimeNumbers$1
 java8new._02stream.collect.PartitionPrimeNumbers$PrimeNumbersCollector
 java8new._02stream.collect.PartitionPrimeNumbers$PrimeNumbersCollector$1
java8new/_02stream/collect/_04GroupingDishes.java
 java8new._02stream.collect._04GroupingDishes
 java8new._02stream.collect._04GroupingDishes$CaloricLevel
java9new/ProcessAPI.java
 java9new.ProcessAPI
java8new/_01lambda/functional/FunctionNegateAnd.java
 java8new._01lambda.functional.FunctionNegateAnd
java8new/_02stream/collect/_03Reducing.java
 java8new._02stream.collect._03Reducing
java8new/_02stream/basic2/_03Sorting.java
 java8new._02stream.basic2._03Sorting
 java8new._02stream.basic2._03Sorting$Apple
 java8new._02stream.basic2._03Sorting$AppleComparator
java8new/advanced/appa/Book.java
 java8new.advanced.appa.Book
java8new/_01lambda/functional/consumer/ConsumerDemo.java
 java8new._01lambda.functional.consumer.ConsumerDemo
 java8new._01lambda.functional.consumer.ConsumerDemo$1
 java8new._01lambda.functional.consumer.ConsumerDemo$Apple
